feat: fastest response strategy plugin (#345)
aws/aws-advanced-nodejs-wrapper: docs/using-the-nodejs-wrapper/ReaderSelectionStrategies.md

|                           | `roundRobinDefaultWeight`                             | This optional parameter value must be an integer value. This parameter represents the default weight for any hosts that have not been configured with the `roundRobinHostWeightPairs` parameter. For example, if a connection were already established and host weights were set with `roundRobinHostWeightPairs` but a new reader host was added to the database, the new reader host would use the default weight. <br><br> **Note:** This value must be an integer greater than or equal to 1.                                              | `1`           |

> | `fastestResponse`         |                                                       | The fastest response strategy identifies the fastest response host, then stores this host into a cache for future use. <br><br> **Note:** The Fastest Response Strategy plugin must also be loaded into the plugins list using `fastestResponseStrategy`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `fastestResponse`         |                                                       | The fastest response strategy identifies the fastest response host, then stores this host in a cache for future use. <br><br> **Note:** The Fastest Response Strategy plugin must also be loaded into the plugins list by setting the `plugins` client configuration parameter to include the `fastestResponseStrategy` plugin code.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |               |
```
